fix: Ingress TLS support (#6504)
containous/traefik: docs/content/migration/v2.md

```

After having both resources applied, Traefik will work properly.

### Kubernetes Ingress

> The TLS section in the Ingress is now not enough to have HTTPS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable HTTPS, it is not sufficient anymore to only rely on a TLS section in the Ingress.
```
